Check out the Unity User Interface Documentation
	Unity UI: Unity User Interface (uGUI) - https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ugui@1.0/manual/index.html

Demos
	The demos were creating using the Unity UI system, which is the recommended runtime UI system for current LTS versions of Unity. 

Pixel Perfect / Pixel Quality
	Some UI Elements may not appear pixel perfect.
	Some UI elements were scaled. 
		When they were scaled, height and width were multiplied or divided by the same factor to maintain the aspect ratio of the sprites.

Placing Objects in the Scene
	We recommend one of these two options for maintaining crisp pixels while moving objects around the scene:
		1. Grid Snapping
			Set Size = 0.125 (1 pixel)
			You can change this setting in "Edit > Grid and Snap Settings > World Grid > Size."
		2. Grid and Snap Increment Snap
			Set Move = 0.125 (1 pixel) or 0.0625 (1/2 pixel)
			You can change this setting in Grid Snapping Settings, found on the Scene Window.
			Then hold "ctrl" while moving objects to increment their position based on the move setting.
	To assist in aligning pixels on the Canvas, a Pixel Grid Alignment Sprite is included as a prefab. 
		Toggle this prefab on and off to help align pixels on the canvas.

Mockup Images
	The mockup images contain assets from Minifantasy - Icy Wilderness and Minifantasy - Dungeon packages.
	The contents of these packages are not included in the Minifantasy UI package.

Game Display
	The demos were created using a 16:9 Aspect Ratio. 
	If you have issues with the game screen displaying incorrectly, try setting the display to 16:9 Aspect and the Scale to 1x.
	Also, try toggling the "Run In Edit Mode" button on the Pixel Perfect Camera component located on the Main Camera gameobject for crisp pixels in the game window while editing.

Unity UI Toolkit
	The emerging Unity UI Toolkit is not the recommended UI system for the current LTS version of Unity, 2021.3. https://docs.unity.cn/2021.3/Documentation/Manual/UI-system-compare.html
	This version of Unity UI Toolkit does not include options to use tiled or sliced sprites, which leads to a loss of pixel quality on some sprites included in this package.

Questions
	If you have any questions or concerns, contact us at: krishna.palacio@gmail.com